>> Bianca Gandolfo: In conclusion,
I just made this slide for
people who try to cheat.
So before we reveal the big reveal,
I wanna talk a little bit more about next
steps, and how to apply these skills.
So what we did over the past
couple of days is we
learned how to implement
functional utility methods.
Maybe some of you had used
them before at work or
saw them around in documentation for
various frameworks.
But most people haven't had a chance
to take the time and implement them.
And so we didn't,
we implemented them and we learned
a lot along the way around scope,
functions, objects, arrays, all of
the core fundamentals of JavaScript.
We did it in ES5, and
we applied some ES6 concepts on top
of it just to bring it up
to a more modern standard.
And as far as next steps I recommend,
if you'd really like to learn more
about functional programming.
Everything you've learned in the past
couple days can be applied to a future
course in functional programming.
You can learn more about architecting
your code in a functional way and
composing these different utility
methods in creative ways to write
your code more effectively.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: That's about it.
And the murderer is, does anyone know?
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: No, the murderer is
you guys cuz you killed it.
>> Group: [LAUGH]
Aah!
>> Speaker 4: Do not edit that out.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: [LAUGH] That's
it!
>> Speaker 5: I have
to go.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 6: Cue
the music.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
>> Speaker 7: [LAUGH] Cue the music.
>> Group: [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 8: I need the world's
tiniest violin.
>> Speaker 9: Cue the music back to life.
>> Group: [LAUGH]